[music]
When you start listening to the Aikami
talking to you, you probably won't
exactly understand it at first. You
might not even [music] be sure you're
hearing anything. But let me assure you
that the universe is always talking to
you. [music] Within your own system, the
signals are always communicating with
each other, trying to [music] create a
unified field of being where you're not
at odds with yourself. when you dress or
undress, when you uh prepare your food
or as you chew it, uh anytime you're
waiting for the [music] bus or the
computer to stop doing the whatever or
you're training and if you can feel the
quality of tension in your body. So,
let's do a little bit of the pushpull in
our own system. Tighten up.
Okay, come back to let's call it normal.
Whatever word you want to use. Now
collapse. Get a little bit extra slack
or something like that. Just kind of go
under it
and then come back to normal.
Let's go a little bit up tight.
Let's go a little bit normal again. Kind
of try and feel the distinction. Go
under it a little bit
and come back to normal. And now tighten
up just a little bit. Just get a little.
And then come back to center or balance
or presence or whatever word you want to
use. And drop under it just a little
teeny bit. Come back to it. And then for
a minute just go back and forth a little
bit and try and find that state of
muscle tone that really feels the best
to you. When you lose it, when [music]
you get distracted by other stuff and
you lose touch with that guidance of the
Aikami that's speaking to you always,
life goes in a different direction. You
put out different [music] vibes, you
create different reciprocating echoes.
So, learning to balance [music] these
two forces, call it standing on the
floating bridge. You'll also find that
as [music] you do this practice, when
you go to apply a technique, your
techniques are much more precise and you
can feel when you're touching the person
and when you're not and
listening to the impulse to breathe. The
systems are telling you something.
[music] They're trying to get the oxygen
at the right balance in every cell.
Every cell is absorbing the oxygen and
burning it into aliveness. When you
start listening to [music] the Aikami
talking to you, you probably won't
exactly understand it at first. You
might not even be sure you're hearing
anything. But let me assure you that the
universe is always talking to you.